{
    "title": "A Thank You to Justin, Who Fixed the Blog",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-02-21T11:56:30.558929371-05:00",
    "summary": "New and improved",
    "tags": [
        "thankyou"
    ]
}
The blog has a new look thanks to my IT guy/domestic partner/boy toy.
:wink:

Thank you for putting so much time into the site where I write about
water-delivery-men, cats, and things I can’t stand. The world obviously
needed your efforts.

I’ve never read the highly-acclaimed book about love languages, but I
think your work might qualify as an “act of service.” I did *buy* the
love language book. I just couldn’t get past the first few pages because
of the awful design. The white book cover with gold border (and matching
gold strand for bookmark) was very prayerbook-esque and reminded me of
my First Holy Communion. (Maybe I bought some sort of cheesy anniversary
edition and should purchase a different version. I don’t know. None of
this matters right now.)

I’ll admit that sometimes I take your constant presence for granted,
especially when you get in my way en route to the bedroom from the
kitchen and you’re walking at the pace of a (very lovely and
intelligent) slug. But if I suddenly die in this house, the fact that
you could alert someone right away is very comforting to me. I don’t
know why this matters since I’d be dead anyway, but the visual of me
crumpled up at the bottom of the stairs for weeks on end as Nugget
slowly consumes my limp body is haunting. (Did this just get too dark?
I’ll be honest it took a turn I didn't see coming.)

If you weren’t here, who would stop me from putting metal dishes in the
microwave? I know I *might* have a *slight* tendency to lash out or make
excuses for why I’m never wrong (did you ever think that maybe this
microwave is special and you *can* put metal in it), but I do value your
opinions (even if sometimes you do that thing where you start telling
before I start asking, which may or may not be considered mansplaining).

ANYWAY, I really appreciate your “acts of service” and I will continue
to show you affection using *my* love language, which includes:

  - Demanding hourly hugs

  - Giving you a dirty look every time you burp (and I don’t mean
dirty as in sexy. I mean dirty as in if you burp one more goddamn
time I am going to freak. the fuck. out.)

  - Asking if you want to feel my leg hair

  - Asking if you want to feel the cyst on my leg that is hopefully
benign

  - Inventing nicknames for you that you can’t stand but that *mark my
words will catch on one day, Jubsy*

  - Kicking you in the night

God you are so freaking lucky to have me.

THANKS. :heart:
