{
    "title": "An Update on the Water War",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-01-09T19:15:40.597948312-05:00",
    "summary": "Plot twist",
    "tags": [
        "pleasantinteractions",
        "waterdeliverysaga"
    ]
}
This is an update to an earlier post detailing the ongoing struggle I
have with the water-delivery-guy. This is how the most recent delivery
went.

While I’m working at my computer, I hear the delivery truck backing into
the driveway. I begrudgingly walk into the kitchen and grab the empty
water jug (yes, only one… a singular jug this time, and to be honest I
don’t quite understand how everyone in this office is still *alive* with
the scant amount of water that is being consumed here). I place the jug
outside so water-delivery-guy knows how many to bring inside. (After all
these weeks, I still want to make life easier for him. Even after he has
called me *T* for Tyler, I still care about water-delivery-guy.) I sit
back down at my desk and think about what will happen today. Will
water-delivery-guy hazard a guess at my name? Will he call me *L*? Maybe
*M*? Or *N*? *O?* *P*?\! Maybe I’ll just go to the bathroom and tell
someone else to- NO. Don’t be a coward.

Water-delivery-guy comes inside. Only it’s not him. I mean this person
is in fact delivering water, but there’s a *new* water-delivery-guy in
town.

Water-delivery-guy number two says hello and walks by my desk (*sans*
good morning, beautiful). He puts the water in the kitchen and asks for
my first name. I tell him my name is Sarah and he signs it with the
stylus. The receipt seems to print faster than ever before. He hands me
the receipt, tells me to have a nice day (*sans* sweetie), and leaves.

I glance down at the receipt before filing it away. Not only did number
two sign my name, but he signed my name with an *H*. The elusive *H*. (I
hadn’t mentioned this previously, but water-delivery-guy number one
always signed my name Sara. I’d look at the receipt and think “who the
hell is this” and then remember. After the first couple times, I got
used to it.)

Let’s just say I like water-delivery-guy number two. I’m a fan of his
work. :smirk:

Water-delivery-guy number two, are you single? I’m not asking for me.
I’m asking for a friend, of course. *Okay I might love you.* I’m not
sure. But I guess if I do love you, that’s a pretty low bar. Apparently
all you have to do for my love is basically just say hello and know my
name? Okay what the hell I don’t love you. Forgive me. I’m just very
overwhelmed and relieved at the same time.

But surprisingly, after my five star experience with water-delivery-guy
2.0, I found myself thinking about water-delivery-guy number one.
Despite our rocky history, I couldn’t help but wonder... Is he okay? Was
he let go from the job? Did he quit because he couldn’t achieve his
unattainable goal of memorizing the names of the customers? I don’t know
if this is farewell. He could be back in two weeks for all I know. But
water-delivery-guy-number-one, wherever you are, I hope you are well.
Suddenly I find myself hoping we see each other again.

Updates to come....
