{
    "title": "Another Water War \"Update\"",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-01-22T18:43:39.784787907-05:00",
    "summary": "Not important",
    "tags": [
        "waterdeliverysaga"
    ]
}
You have been forewarned that this post contains no important
information. (Maybe I should just begin every post with that statement?)
Seriously if this were a book, the content of this post would definitely
not qualify as a chapter. There is truly nothing that furthers the plot
in here. REGARDLESS...

I am saddened to say that I am still in the dark regarding the
whereabouts of water-delivery-guy number one. I was
unfortunately/fortunately not at work on the day of water delivery. (I
needed a personal day, okay?\! SUE ME. I don’t have to explain why
because it’s none of your goddamn business. I’m just very tired and
overwhelmed and people are mean and I needed to be in bed until 11 and
do my laundry and also I felt like there was a small demon setting up
shop in my ovaries and throwing a party in my uterus that morning,
causing extreme chaos and upheaval). Bottom line is I cannot provide an
update. Get off my back (and out of my body, tiny demon).

I came into the office *post* water delivery to discover a single water
jug sitting by my desk. I spent the day looking at the jug, wondering
whose gloved hands touched the shiny blue plastic… Who walked through
this office door just 24 hours ago and delivered this vessel of cold
clear liquid? Was it water-delivery-guy number one? Water-delivery-guy
number two? Is there a water-delivery-*girl* I might have missed? I used
to dread delivery day and now I find myself counting down. Counting down
to the answer. Counting down to the truth.

Also I think I might have lost my mind?

Also ALSO (kind of like a PPS, no?) someone please help me carry this
giant ass blue jug into the kitchen. It’s way heavier than the empty
ones I am accustomed to carrying.
