{
    "title": "Birds",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2020-12-02T19:26:00.919892-05:00",
    "summary": "I have birder aspirations",
    "tags": [
        "nature"
    ]
}
**Birds are growing on me. (Not literally. That would be terrifying.)**

I hated birds when I was younger. I thought they were unpredictable,
annoying, and flighty (see what I did there? Do you see it?). My dad and
I used to feed the seagulls french fries in the McDonald’s parking lot,
but that was the only positive experience I had with feathery creatures
growing up. We were safe in the air conditioned cabin of the pick-up
truck. If a seagull pulled something shady, we could hightail it out of
there (see what I did again? Hightail? Like tailfeather? Like the
tailfeather of a bird? Do you see it? Are you getting it?! Are you
picking up what I’m putting down????)

ANYWAY, birds made me jump. As a jumpy person (read: person with
anxiety), I didn’t need any more of that in my life. But I’ve changed.

First of all, *birds are not a monolith, OKAY?!* There are *so* many
different kinds of birds. I’m sure a quick Google search would tell me
exactly how many species there are, but I am not committed enough to
this story to take it as far as a search engine. I do, however, have an
identification book of Eastern Birds (thanks, Grandmom!) and it has
*many* pages, meaning there are *many* different birds out there.

I like observing the birds. I like the way the woodpeckers travel up the
trees like they’re walking up a spiral staircase. I like how the wrens
diligently and cooperatively build their nests. I like reading about how
different birds prefer different houses and locations. I like to think
they have a little realtor bird who takes them around to see potential
homes. “So this house was *just* put up this spring. It’s fresh on the
market. I know you were looking for something a little bigger, but think
about how *close* you are to that large pile of pine needles! *Location,
location, location.*”

In addition to that, I’m jealous of them. There are so many things birds
do that I wish I could do. I wish I could fly. I wish I could poop
wherever I want and loudly squawk at approaching predators without
social ramifications or consequences.

But do birds have to have babies once the nest thing is settled? Can
they just chill in the nest alone, or with their significant other?
Because the whole ‘flying out of the nest every minute, gathering some
spiders, and flying back to deliver’ thing seems exhausting. Plus the
babies never stop *chirping*. Are they not pleased with what they have
been delivered? Did they want a grasshopper instead of a spider? Isn’t
this process the human equivalent of going to the grocery store every
single day? Where you had to make awkward small talk with your neighbor
in the dairy aisle? Which was freezing, by the way, and you opted not to
wear a bra because you were feeling free that day and didn’t think you’d
see anyone, and now Chuck from down the street is seeing more than you
want him to see? After all of that, you drive home, and the kids are
yelling “Mom I wanted the double stuffed oreos! No one eats the regular
kind!” And then you drive back out to the grocery store, use more gas
and energy and patience, almost get hit by someone texting and driving
in the parking lot, etc., etc., over and over again….

What am I saying- birds aren’t tied down. They aren’t afraid to fall.
They have babies, but they still travel. They have experiences. I like
to imagine they have rich lives. Lives filled with entertaining dinner
parties featuring birdseed and weekend getaways at the lake. Give birds
a chance, people. I’m glad I did.
