{
    "title": "I Refuse To Watch Another Morning Routine Video",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2020-11-30T22:37:36.9072829-05:00",
    "summary": "In my humble opinion, the morning routine videos are getting a little ridiculous",
    "tags": [
        "media",
        "sickofit"
    ]
}
With names like “A Healthy/Mindful/Productive Morning Routine,” and “How
to Wake Up at 4AM,” these videos have millions of views because people
like me think watching someone else’s bullshit morning routine will
change our lives. If you end up in a morning routine rabbit hole as
often as I do, you will probably end up hating yourself for waking up at
11AM the next morning and drinking a cup of coffee *before* you drink a
gallon of lemon water. (I know, it’s a *sin.*)

This is usually how it goes:

“I wake up super early.” *Here’s a shot of the beautiful person
stretching as the sun is rising and gazing at their Himalayan salt
lamp.*

“After some light stretching, I head straight into the kitchen.” *This
kitchen is so organized and clean it looks like this person has never
cooked in it. Seriously, they have never so much as toasted a pop-tart
in here.*

“I open my cabinet and grab a giant mason jar.” *Cue the white cabinets
filled exclusively with trendy matching dishware. This person wouldn’t
be caught dead using a souvenir cup. Do they have a mug that says
something like “I Love My Jack Russell Terrier”? We will never know.
They have either hidden it or destroyed it entirely in an effort to look
cool.*

“I fill my jar slowly with fresh room temperature water.” *The person
stares longingly out the window and reflects on how grateful they are
for every single thing that has ever happened to them*. *Hell, they
might even break out a gratitude journal and jot some things down
because they’re just. so. grateful.*

“I add lemons, ginger, and turmeric and drink the entire jar mindfully.”
*If you haven’t noticed, this person is \#mindful. They don’t actually
know what turmeric does just like the rest of us, but they will pretend
they know by saying something vague like “you know, digestion” if you
ask them.*

“After I’ve had my water, I do three hours of mindful stretching and
yoga, followed by one hour of meditation.” *Somehow it’s still only
7AM.*

“By this time, my tummy is getting a little hungry for breakfast. I eat
one egg white and drink a green smoothie.” *This person’s blender is
always flawlessly clean, but we’ve never actually seen the laborious
task of scrubbing it. I guess they think it’s too hard to look sexy
cleaning a blender. (I, for one, disagree. I personally look hot as hell
when I clean mine.)*

My *HUGE* breakfast gives me tons of energy for my next two hours of
exercise. And that’s it\! I’m ready to take on the day\!*”* *Like and
subscribe, like and subscribe.*

Substitute the lemon water for hot green tea. Substitute the mindful
stretching for a half-marathon. It’s all the same. You get the gist.
You’ve seen it. I’m not saying there is anything wrong with having a
morning routine. Routines are not bad things. I have nothing against
lemon water. In fact, I enjoy it. Gratitude is not an issue. I don’t
have a problem with meditation.

I have a problem with people editing their lives so heavily that it
doesn’t include any of the messy, very REAL parts that everyone has to
deal with on a daily basis. You’ve altered your reality so much that it
doesn’t even look believable anymore. And then you double down by trying
to sell it to other people as real life. People watch these videos and
they think they’re in the wrong for actually *living.*

SO DON’T BE AFRAID TO DRINK YOUR COFFEE BEFORE YOUR WATER. DON’T BE
AFRAID TO SLEEP IN ON SATURDAY. And if you hate green smoothies, don’t
drink them. No one wants to clean kale out of their blender anyway.
