{
    "title": "I'm Your 40oz Water Bottle, and This Has Been an Emotional Rollercoaster",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-05-19T19:11:00.100230605-04:00",
    "summary": "It's time for me to speak my truth",
    "tags": [
        "randomthoughts"
    ],
    "Img": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/smalltownkitten.com-images/im-your-40oz-water-bottle-and-this-has-been-an-emotional-roller-coaster.jpg"
}
Hi. It’s me, your water bottle. Which one, you ask? \*Sigh\* I’m the new
one, the big bottle you purchased on New Year’s Day when you promised to
stay hydrated and “live your best life.” Although I have thoroughly
enjoyed some of our experiences together, I cannot silently endure the
ups and downs of this toxic relationship any longer. It’s time for me to
speak my truth.

For the first couple weeks, we had a good thing going. You consistently
filled me with ice cold water in the morning, afternoon, and night. I
felt needed. I felt loved. It was heaven on earth for a bottle like me.

But things have changed.

Now there are days when you fill me up at the kitchen sink and leave me
on the counter for hours on end. It’s like you forget you even came to
me for a drink in the first place. Is this how your son felt at the end
of soccer practice last month? When you got so caught up in that episode
of *Grey’s Anatomy* you forgot to pick him up? You know, that time he
thought he would be standing in the rain on that muddy soccer field
forever, with nothing but a crushed granola bar to sustain him for the
rest of his life? Well I feel just as alone, especially when I’m baking
in the hot car as you mosey through the grocery store. Did you know that
leaving me in your vehicle is actually a fire hazard? You’re lucky I’m
BPA free, *by the way.*

Then, out of nowhere, you go and do something totally romantic. We climb
a mountain together. You show me vistas I’ve never seen before. You take
me to the lake (my Motherland). Suddenly I forget all the times you
dropped me on the gravel driveway, prioritizing your cell phone and
sunglasses as you juggle too many objects. (Maybe just use a bag?)

But before I know it, you’re back to your old ways, trying to make me
into something I’m not.

You keep jamming my full-figured form into your car’s inadequate cup
holder. You know I simply do not fit. Look at me. I’m 40 ounces of
fabulousness. I will not be made to feel like there is something wrong
with my size. Maybe some scrawny ass 20 ounce bottle could squeeze into
that holder, but that is not what you ordered on the morning of January
1st, when you woke up with a champagne hangover and vowed to change your
ways. You should’ve checked my dimensions. That’s on you.

I’ll be brutally honest with you here. You need me now more than ever.
You have been drinking *a lot* of red wine to cope with your family’s
political affiliations. I’m not judging, but we both know how that pino
dehydrates you. Not to mention the soda\! The other day, I unwillingly
sat on the windowsill and watched you carry a can of Coke outside, as if
that’s what your body needed during a brisk walk. All that sugar. All
those calories. I thought you’d come crawling back that evening, but
instead you chose a “proper glass” for your water at the dinner table.
What exactly *is* your love language? *Betrayal?* Word of advice: I
could pass for dinnerware if you didn’t cover me with these ridiculous
stickers. I look like a *fool.*

Sometimes I blame myself. I should have known this would happen. I was
confused when I noticed all of the other bottles in your cabinet. I
thought “Why isn’t she using *those* bottles? There’s a sexy Hydroflask
in there.” That was a red flag I shouldn’t have ignored.

But let me be clear, I am not responsible for your cruel nature or
dismissive-avoidant attachment style. I need you to step it up for me.
For *us*. My lid’s crevices are molding as the weeks pass without a
wash. (You do know you can just throw me in the dishwasher, right? Top
rack.) This is not what I would call “living our best lives.” We are at
a crossroads. Help me help you, one sip at a time.
