{
    "title": "(Laser)Beam Me Up, Scotty",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-04-18T15:08:23.568367663-04:00",
    "summary": "I don’t want to part with all of it, but I’m having some of my hair lasered off",
    "tags": [
        "anxiety",
        "awkwardinteractions"
    ]
}
I had been thinking about getting laser hair removal for a while, but I
avoided seeking information because I was anxious. I also dread setting
up appointments on the phone. (When I noticed there was a reputable
laser place that had a chat function on their website, I was a bit more
game. I know I’m not the only person to find sweet relief upon
discovering a chat function.) Once I had the consultation scheduled, I
felt like I was trending in the right direction, but the anxiety
returned once I realized I would actually have to go to the place and do
the thing(s). I’d have to interact with a person. I’d have to show said
person the hair I had been trying to hide for years. I’d have to make a
financial commitment that I would undoubtedly feel guilty about for at
least a few weeks.

I was flustered but holding it together when I arrived at the “clinic.”
(They call it a clinic.) I trusted the clinic manager immediately
because she had curly hair, and for some reason I find curly-haired
strangers inherently honest. (At least I recognize my prejudice, okay?)
I’d follow a person with curly hair anywhere. If I ever get kidnapped
and/or killed, and there is a line-up situation where someone has to
identify the perpetrator, and one of the individuals among the selection
has curly hair, **it’s that person.** When the curly-haired murderer
said they heard a kitten crying in a dark alleyway and needed my help
saving it, I thought to myself “How could this person do anything wrong?
Their hair is too fun for crime\!” I trusted this monster implicitly
because of their bouncy tendrils. **I would not have followed the
straight-haired stranger as far as I followed the curls. Please remember
this and take it into consideration when you look at the suspects.**

The curly-haired clinic manager (who I now feel the need to clarify is
*not* a murderer to the best of my knowledge) gave me a short tour of
the facility, which was a total of four small rooms. In one of the rooms
sat what I am assuming is a *million dollar* laser, based on the price
of the treatments, as well as the reverence each employee exhibited when
they said “*our laser*,” like it was some sort of ancient deity with
supernatural powers. They sounded like the little aliens worshipping the
claw in *Toy Story*. The (probably) million dollar laser room had a bed
with a white robe and safety glasses sitting on top, ready for the next
client.

The manager handed me a laminated sheet, which displayed an outline of
the human body with every zone you could get lasered highlighted in a
different color. The image featured some areas I didn’t even know I
*had* on my body, let alone had *proper names*, let alone had *hair on
them*. The most disturbing fact she shared is that their most popular
treatment is “The Brazilian,” which means they laser your entire
crotchal region (and also your ass cheeks). Like, *all of it*. The
whooooole thing. I think I would mourn the permanent death of my pubes,
but I guess that’s just me. I also think my partner would be freaked out
by a 24/7 smooth-as-glass undercarriage, but I guess that’s just him.
(Sometimes it’s just important to question why nether regions that look
like those of literal babies is what we, as a society, expect/aspire to.
I think that after some deep reflection, you too will eventually come to
the conclusion that it’s fucked up.)

ANYWAY, the manager also told me that the laser doesn’t work on peach
fuzz hair. It does its best work on hair that is coarse, because it can
“identify the follicles” easily. I told her I don’t have a fine hair
on my body, and she enthusiastically said that the laser will
“looOoOooOooove” me. Do they say this to everyone??? It wasn’t like an
“Oh my god you have to meet my friend Marjorie\! She would *love* you.”
It was like a “You are clearly very hairy so the laser is going to have
a good time ZAPPING YOUR FACE.” I’m still trying to parse out whether
the statement was a compliment or an insult (probably neither). Bottom
line is I am a woolly mammoth masquerading as a young woman. (Yes,
woolly mammoth does have two L’s… I just looked it up.) On the other
hand, it’s exciting that the laser could potentially do its greatest
work on me, essentially making me the laser’s Mona Lisa.

During the registration process I had to use a tablet and I was so
panicked that I couldn’t remember how to effectively use the shift key.
I kept hitting shift, letting go, and then typing the other key. I was
too anxious to remember that you actually have to HOLD DOWN the shift
key in order to get the symbol you desire. Curly-haired clinic manager
graciously taught me how to use the shift key, I picked my “zones for
removal,” and the consultation was over before I knew it. After I used
the drive home to talk myself out of an anxiety spiral, I felt good
about what I had achieved. I was doing something for myself, I was proud
I could afford to do it, and I knew I would feel more confident after
the hair was permanently gone.

I returned to the clinic a few weeks later for my first treatment. As
soon as I walked through the door, the girl seated at the front desk
said “Are you excited?\!”

I replied with “Yeah\! I am excited actually.” And this, reader, was a
dumb fucking thing to say. I was completely unaware of what was to come.

Anyone who tells you that laser hair removal is “virtually pain-free” is
a goddamn liar, or is a blonde girl named Katie who has ridiculously
fine hair that never even needs to be shaved because it is invisible to
the human eye. Katie’s like “Oh my god I haven’t shaved my legs in
*months,*” but she is still wearing a denim skirt, and you look down to
find her legs resemble the skin of a naked mole rat or sphynx kitten.

Laser hair removal is fucking painful (aka *full-of-pain*, aka *not
pain-free*.) During my consultation, I watched a video of a woman
getting her armpit hair removed and this asshole didn’t even *flinch* (a
total Katie). My appointment, on the other hand, was *full* of flinching
because 1) I have a very low pain tolerance and am sensitive in every
way, and 2) my hair is coarse and thick (unlike Katie’s). It is no joke
that you can smell the hair burning. And you can undoubtedly feel the
laser being shot right into your fucking face.

The nurse who lasered me is an angel. (Is it actually “lasered me”?
Lased me? Is this like a tasered versus tased situation? No clue.) She
spends her time zapping people’s coochies like it’s no big deal. People
throw the term “hero” around pretty loosely, but I think it applies
here. I was squirming. I was deep breathing. I was told to re-adjust my
positioning multiple times because I was subconsciously pulling away
from the laser, anticipating the next torturous pulse. There were times
when I started to laugh hysterically because I felt uncomfortable, and
also because I started to realize how insane it is that I am paying for
someone to torment me with an intense beam of light. When the treatment
was finally done, the lovely person who had just repeatedly shot me with
a laser said I might see some redness on my skin, but I shouldn’t worry
because I wasn’t burned. I explained that I would be shocked if I WASN’T
bright red, because based on the amount of pain I just experienced, I
thought I would look like a third-degree burn victim.

Although it was the last thing I wanted to think about, we spoke of my
next appointment. She mentioned that some people stop by before they go
to work and I looked at her in utter disbelief with my mouth agape. I
said “People DO THAT? People come here? BEFORE WORK? And then they,
what? GO TO WORK?” as if I didn’t speak her language and couldn’t
decipher the last sentence she had spoken. (I couldn’t. Still can’t.)
She laughed and said “You’re funny” in a way that I internalized meant
“You’re sad.”

When I left the million dollar laser room, I folded my robe neatly and
put the sunglasses on top like nothing had ever happened. Like that
would somehow disguise or make up for the fact that I had just caused a
rambunctious scene in the treatment room. In worse news, I have to
endure 7 to 10 more sessions for lasting results.

A quick shout out to the nurse who lasered me. (Side note- “The Nurse
Who Lasered Me” totally sounds like the missing piece of the *Austin
Powers* series.) I was too anxious during the appointment to focus when
you told me your name, but you’re a saint. See you in 5 weeks for my
(hopefully less painful) second appointment, unless you’ve pawned me off
on one of your colleagues because of my chaotic performance. :heart:
