{
    "title": "Let There Be Light",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-03-11T20:17:03.989893099-05:00",
    "summary": "NSFW",
    "tags": [
        "oops",
        "myfavoritemistakes"
    ]
}
I hung some tiny string lights above our bed a few months ago. Aside
from my cat’s nightly efforts to viciously tear them down, I really
enjoy the ambiance. (Nugget’s attempts at complete destruction increase
whenever there’s a full moon, the presence of which I’m convinced turns
him into a real mischievous dickhead. *Foreshadowing… kind of*.) I
recently chose to relocate the lights higher on the wall and out of
Nugget’s reach because 1) It’s hard to sleep with the sounds of his
late-night violence and 2) I’m afraid he will eat them and die.
[<span class="underline">Cat
paranoia</span>](https://blog.smalltownkitten.com/post/cat-paranoia/)
continues.

I was apparently feeling fun-loving and playful that day because I
decided not only to reposition the lights, but to shape them into
whimsical clouds. I made two clouds on the wall behind the bed. Because
the strand was so long, I made another cloud on the wall with the door,
which Justin faces while he’s sleeping. The process wasn’t easy and I
used a lot of tape. The lights looked okay, but I would have to wait for
it to get dark to get the full picture.

*Nightfall.* I walk into the bedroom and see the two clouds glowing
behind the bed. I think, “Wow this turned out pretty well.” We lie down
and I close my eyes. I hear, “Is that a dick?” I roll over to see a
giant gleaming penis (not that one).

When it was light outside, I could clearly see the outline of the
wiring. But now, when only the radiance of the lights and not the
distinct shape of the wire itself could be seen, my innocent cloud art
had morphed into a big (and impressively accurate) penis. Seriously,
guys, this was the most precise, large-scale penis I’ve ever seen.
Forget about the dicks your immature friends drew in their book margins.
This was a thing of *beauty*. It looked like some sort of cutting edge
avant-garde art piece. It also looked like one of our walls had a giant
erection. I’m not sure why I’m writing about the penis cloud in the past
tense. I have yet to re-shape the glistening phallus, mainly because I
don’t feel like breaking out the step stool or the Scotch tape again. I
also enjoy walking into the bedroom, looking at my wall, and exclaiming
“Woah\! Is that a giant shimmering cloud shaped like a penis, or are
you just happy to see me?” :smirk:

My boyfriend now falls asleep with the soft glow of a twinkling dick on
his face. *Oops.*
