{
    "title": "Little Rant #5",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-02-01T20:31:22.648989756-05:00",
    "summary": "To the rude person who recently called my place of employment",
    "tags": [
        "sickofit",
        "workingthat9to5"
    ]
}
**To the rude person who recently called my place of employment-**

A man called and said to me, "I don't know if I should talk to *you*
about this, or *someone who actually knows about this stuff*.” Well
guess what I'm your only option right now. And I might know more about
:heart: BTS, the incredible seven member South Korean boy band :heart:
than I do about the intricacies of the work performed here, but I know a
*few* things about it, okay?

The man then explained that he would like to come into the office and
meet with someone face to face. He guaranteed me that even though we are
not holding meetings at this time, he does not have "the Covid" and in
fact one of his friends is currently dying from "the Covid" and it's an
“awful thing,” but he would still like to come in and speak to
“someone who actually knows about this stuff.” He also hit me with a
"Do you have a piece of paper where you can write all this down? Are you
writing this down?" which I see as code for “All of the words I say are
so important they need to be memorialized.”

I should've told this guy I was unfortunately fresh out of paper (at my
desk, in an office, with five printers) and that he would have to seek
services elsewhere because we have no paper in our office, which houses
five printers. I’m pretty sure if I had a voice changing apparatus that
made me sound like a dude, the asshole on the other end of the line
would’ve been totally fine talking to me and me alone. Maybe I will get
one of those apparati (which I recently learned is not a real word but
*see if that stops me from using it, Merriam-Webster*) and perform an
experiment. Maybe I’ll put the voice changing apparati on the company
credit card. Maybe I’ll file the purchase under expense account:
catching sexist people in the act, expense sub-account: proof I’m not
crazy. Or maybe I won’t go through with this, because the results of the
study would probably be very devastating. And also because I don’t use
the company credit card for personal things (although I would argue this
could benefit *the whole-of-society*).

I will end this by saying *I know things*. And even if I didn’t know
about the things you were going to ask me about, but were too sexist to
do so, (which are honestly things I *think* I would’ve known about
because you sound like a lamebrain), that doesn’t mean that the things
*I* know are any less important than the things *you* know. Or *think*
you know. You know?\!?\!\!
