{
    "title": "Little Rant #6",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-02-11T18:02:18.316651805-05:00",
    "summary": "To the person jumping over the couch with a bowl of popcorn/the person who told them to do such a thing",
    "tags": [
        "rant",
        "sickofit",
        "media"
    ]
}
**To the person jumping over the couch with a bowl of popcorn/the person
who told them to do such a thing-**

It happened again. A Super Bowl commercial featured someone stepping
*over the back of a couch*, with a large bowl of popcorn in their hands,
to join a group of their friends watching football. Why? Why does this
keep happening? Who actually does this? Why can’t the person just walk
*around* the couch?

Don’t tell me this seemingly unworried person is trying to pull off this
risky maneuver because their eyes are glued to the television screen.
They can continue to look at the screen while they walk around the couch
in order to sit down. It’s actually *more dangerous* to try and *HURDLE*
over the tall couch, with *HOT AND STEAMING POPCORN* in your hand, while
simultaneously trying to keep an eye on the game. This hasty person has
*zero regard*.

Also you’re not missing much if you *do* have to look away for a second.
It’s really just two groups of men taking the game of catch too
seriously. Sometimes they perform a joyful dance sequence for being good
at catch. I think that’s fun and it livens things up a little. Adds some
pizazz to the field. Some exuberance and character. But the majority of
time is spent yelling abrupt commands, sprinting like one’s life depends
on it, and pushing through walls made up entirely of human beings.
(Correct me if I’m wrong here, but these are things that don’t sound so
great on their own. *But actually don’t correct me because I’m not
wrong. It’s my opinion and I have a right to it, as do you.)*

Anyway back to the carefree individual holding the gigantic vessel of
popping corn. It is my belief that in reality no one is actually living
their life this way. People are not straddling the back of the sofa and
hopping over it with reckless abandon in order to get to their middle
cushion. Why not? Well you might step on your friend’s phone. You might
spill your hot, buttered pop all over the couch cushions. (Good luck
getting *that* stain out. I would imagine there’s a lot of “blotting”
involved.) You might physically pull something unless you’ve properly
stretched or limbered up. Lives are at stake here. *I am sick of your
unnecessary and unrealistic acrobatics. Just go around.*
