{
    "title": "Name, Age, Status",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2020-11-10T22:13:17.3176328-05:00",
    "summary": "This is what I am going to write on the next form that asks for my first and last name, age, and marital status",
    "tags": []
}
**This is what I am going to write on the next form that asks for my
first and last name, age, and marital status.**

**Name.** My first name is Sarah. I know what your next question is. The
answer is yes. It *is* spelled with an *H*. Just kidding. No one
actually gives a shit whether or not Sarah is spelled with an *H*. I’ve
received birthday cards from my own family members where the
controversial *H* is MIA. Because of the *H* though, sometimes when I go
to type my name, I accidentally type “Satan” instead of “Sarah.” The *R*
key is right next to the *T.* The *N* key is underneath the *H.* I never
learned how to properly type. When this happens, I have a moment where I
think, “What if this is the universe trying to tell me that I *am*
Satan?” But then I realize no, it can’t be, because Satan is definitely
a man. I’m sorry to the guys out there… but it just has to be you. You
don’t get to be the face of God, Jesus, and Santa and then *not* be the
face of Satan. That just wouldn’t be fair.

My last name is (l-e-h pronounced lay) Lehman. People typically say
“Leemin” and pronounce it incorrectly. When I was growing up, I didn’t
correct people because I didn’t want to be a bother. I also didn’t
correct people because when I was in fourth grade, a boy named Jake came
up to me and judgmentally asked, “Your last name is Lehman? Why? Do you
lay men?” I was initially very confused, but then equally as horrified
when the older kids on the bus told me what that meant. I encouraged
people to pronounce it “Leemin” from that point forward.

A few years after Jake’s ill informed comment, my grandmother came to my
middle school graduation. The principal pronounced my name “Sarah
Leemin” when I walked across the stage. My grandmother hugged me
afterward and said “I’m so proud of you, but the principal said
'Leemin!' That’s not our *family* name!” My grandmother was appalled.
What did she live for if not to be recognized at her fifth youngest
grandchild’s middle school graduation ceremony? She said “That’s not our
*family* name” as if we were part of a large dynasty- as if I was a
Rockefeller or a Kardashian.

I was panicked. I wanted to take my grandmother aside and tell her my
secret. “I'm gonna be real frank with you here, Gram. It's either we
sacrifice the family name or Jake Anderson tells the whole school I’m
sleeping around. Word will spread fast about my promiscuity because
everyone in my grade just got a cell phone and kids are starting to text
message and it’s so exciting to send a text that kids are just typing
‘Hi’ or ‘Sup’ and sending it off into the ether, so can you imagine how
many forwards *this* news would get?!?!! Your call, Grandmom.”

**Age.** I think I gave away my age by using the name Jake. I don’t know
many Jakes who are over 40 years of age in the same way I don’t know
many Rhondas who are under 40 years of age. I’m 26 years old. Sometimes
I feel lied to by the people who said this is supposed to be the best
time of my life. I feel similarly misled by the Corona Light
advertisements with twenty-somethings slowly sipping beer with reckless
abandon in a remote tropical paradise.

My 20s have proven to be a confusing time. I’ve noticed that more and
more people have suddenly started calling me ma’am. What is up with
that? I took a bus trip last year. When the driver saw where I put my
luggage, he said, “No, *ma’am*, the other one. Your suitcase goes in the
*other* compartment because your stop is last, *ma’am*.” Uh…. what? Me?
When did I transition? I’m a 26 year old girl without a *savings*
account, not a *ma’am*. I’m a *miss* at best. In all honesty, I identify
as more of a *buddy*. The bus driver should have said, “Excuse me little
bud, no. Your bright pink suitcase made for a seven year old’s first
sleepover goes in the *other* compartment, buddy.”

**Status.** The best thing that has happened in my 20s is meeting my
boyfriend Justin. We have been together for about seven years and we
recently bought a house. We are not married. We love each other and we
will get married *soon*- it’s just that I’m still waiting for my
perfectly timed flash mob proposal featuring Michael Buble in a white
suit and every member of One Direction carrying roses in their mouths
(To those of you who are thinking, “Is One Direction even together
anymore?” The answer is no. He must reunite the band in order to earn my
approval.) I’m kidding, but have you seen these things? In my opinion,
you shouldn’t have to try that hard to get someone to say yes.

My boyfriend plays video games sometimes. He built a virtual spaceship
in one of the games. He said, “Hey, come check out my spaceship.”

“Oh… cool,” I said nonchalantly. I started to walk away, but he stopped
me.

“No, wait, there’s more! Look at this… hold on… wait for it...
*protected cargo hatch*.”

He said this like it was the most exciting and interesting thing he had
ever seen or done. I sighed.

“I can’t remember the last time you were that interested in *my*
protected cargo hatch.” But looking back, I can’t blame myself. How
*can* a girl compete with a personalized spacecraft?

It’s funny when you’re with someone for a long time how things change.
During the first few years, I put so much effort in sexually. I tried to
create a special mood. I’d put music on and maybe wear something
revealing. Seven years in, my sexy move is kicking the cat out of the
room so we can do it without a pair of beady eyes staring at us. It’s
not that I can’t do it with the cat in the room. I just feel like the
cat is sitting there with his judging eyes and a harsh internal
monologue about how I’ve put on a few pounds and my boyfriend is doing
all the work. In all honesty, I think my cat is very nice. I’m just
projecting my sex based fears onto my pet, so that’s where my head is
at.

Justin and I do not have kids. I feel a certain amount of pressure to 
have kids at this age. I’m also an only child, which means I
am my parents’ only hope for beautiful and precious little baby angel
grandchildren. I tell my mom I don’t want to have kids and she says
things like, “I know you say that now, but you’ll change your mind.”

I say, “No, it’s not just that I don’t want kids *right now*. It’s that
*right now*, I don’t see myself *ever* having them.” She doesn’t give up
though.

“I *know* you guys are gonna have kids. You wanna know how I know?” She
continues, without my reply, “Because you’re so good with the cats.”

If anything, I think my love for cats just proves I prefer to have cats
over children. Also does she think that having a cat is the same thing
as having a child? Can I crack open a can of salmon pate and feed it to
my newborn, on a small ceramic dish shaped like a fish, on the dirty
kitchen floor? These are house cats she is referring to. These are not
even feral cats that need controlling.

It’s conversations like this that make me reflect on how I was raised.
Other parents are buying diapers for their little ones. Meanwhile, I’m
shitting in a litter box in the corner. Other babies are being bathed in
kitchen sinks and I’m licking myself for three arduous hours to stay
clean. It would explain a lot of things.

I don’t want to disappoint my parents though. I’ve always done
everything that people expect me to do simply because I’m *expected* to.
People call me a goody two shoes because I never want to break any
rules. In high school, we voted on superlatives like most athletic, best
looking, most talented, this is actually extremely fucked up why do we
do this, etc. I was nominated for “Best to Bring Home to Mom and Dad.”
Notice I said *nominated.* I didn’t win.... and now I’m realizing that
might be because that little pervert Jake Anderson told the whole school
that I lay men 15 years ago. My reputation has never recovered. Thanks,
Grandmom.
