{
    "title": "Oh My GAD",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-01-27T21:50:56.922998372-05:00",
    "summary": "A post that was going to be short, but ended up being very long, about my anxiety",
    "tags": [
        "anxiety"
    ]
}
Let’s view this post as part of a potential mini-series (or maxi-series,
I don’t know yet) about anxiety. We’ll just dip our toe (yes, our
collective toe) in the water here and see what it’s like, because I’m
not sure exactly if/how I want to write about this. We’ll treat this as
part 1 and maybe I’ll just reflect a little bit on my battle with
anxiety. Part 2 might cover the period of time when I first considered
seeking professional help… maybe part 3 will deal with having a panic
attack while driving a moving vehicle. (Can you technically drive a
vehicle that *isn’t* moving? Probably not.)

Part 4- Considering professional help again…

Part 5- Getting help from a (very lovely and much appreciated and
seriously treasured) therapist

Part 6- Thinking I want to be my (very lovely and much appreciated and
seriously treasured) therapist when I grow up… Wait, am I already grown
up?

Part 7- Worrying about whether or not I am already grown up and the
ramifications of this

Part 8- How old actually am I?

Part 9- Texting my parents to find out how old I am, hoping the answer
is lower than I think it is

Part 10- My parents answer my desperate text message separately, with
different ages, and now I’m spiraling…\*

LET’S JUST START WITH PART ONE, OKAY? This might be as far as this
mini-series ever gets. And that’s fine, too. I’m just spitballing here.

*\*This is what we call a joke. I never know if I have to clarify when
I’m joking, but I feel the need to make it very clear that I think
both of my parents know how old I am and I love them very much.*

Anyway, I have what is called “generalized anxiety disorder,” also known
as GAD. It’s an attractive name for an illness, isn’t it? “I have GAD.”
It kind of sounds like the sister to acid reflux, which is also
something I struggle with on occasion. I’m a real catch.

I have had anxiety for as long as I can remember. The condition has
worsened over the years thanks to some traumatic experiences (a car
accident here, a robbery there), but it’s my memory that anxiety has
always been with me in some way or another. I didn’t need an imaginary
friend growing up because I had the negative self-talk/worry monster by
my side. (Hey, it’s not a healthy friendship, but there was a
consistency to it that I couldn’t help but find comforting.)

Whenever I feel negative, the monster that is my anxiety pops out like
the worst kind of jack-in-the-box (all jack-in-the-boxes are pretty much
assholes) and makes me feel even worse. So say I screwed up at work or
something, and then someone says, “While we are here talking about your
sub-optimal performance, you’re not very attractive or talented either.”
But my anxiety monster isn’t even that nice about it. She doesn’t break
the news in a courteous way. She says things like, “Just give up because
you’re fucking hopeless. You’re never going to be good enough. *No one*
thinks you’re funny. *Everyone* thinks you’re ugly. And why did you buy
those weird brown boots/clogs the other day? You are aging yourself like
20 years whenever you put those things on. They’re not helping your
cause. Oh and also, why the *fuck* did you think eating a cookie for
breakfast this morning was a good idea? You say you want to lose weight
and be healthier and then you go and pull *this shit*? You have zero
willpower, stupid.”

Now imagine those harmful thoughts swirling around your head at a large
event, where there are a bunch of people and lots of opportunities for
comparison. An event that is supposed to be joyful, like a wedding or a
birthday party, but you can’t enjoy it because you’re too busy living in
your own head with your anxiety. Your head is like an escape room, but
one from hell where there’s actually *no* escape, and you just want to
give up on everything and climb into a hole for the rest of your life.

If I had to describe my specific experience with anxiety in a way that’s
relatable to people who have never had frequent anxiety (do these people
actually exist?) I would say it’s like you’re living in a high-stakes
job interview all the time. (I’m not sure that this job interview thing
is the *best* analogy, because surprise surprise I might be a more
anxious interviewee than the average bear. Oh well.) There was a time in
my life when I felt like I was in a job interview 24/7 and I had a
gnawing feeling of impending disaster. I felt like everyone was watching
me and judging every little move I made, and that every little move I
made was somehow wrong and would end in catastrophe.

I also felt that everything was a rush job, like I had to finish
whatever I was doing quickly so that I could move onto the next thing. I
always felt like I needed to perform. To succeed. To impress. To make
sure no one got hurt. To please everyone (except myself). I couldn’t
control my worry and self criticism regarding *numerous*, everyday
things (ranging from driving \[parking especially\], to the cleanliness
of the house, to the neatness of my handwriting that may or may not be
seen by my co-workers/supervisors) and it would often snowball out of
control.

Because this is not a sustainable way to operate on a daily basis, I
would boil over and have anxiety attacks in various places. I had an
anxiety attack while working in retail, when I had to leave the sales
floor and sit in the fetal position in the storage room until I was able
to walk without struggling to breathe. I had an anxiety attack while
driving a car, when I had to pull over and call someone to pick me up.
(Luckily I was down the street from my parents’ house during this
attack, which really started to gain steam as I was hurtling down the
road at 50mph, and someone was able to come and get me immediately.)

The lead-up to the attack is uncomfortable to say the least. You feel
like you can’t take a full breath, like you’re operating on a frequency
that is too high and dangerous to last. The attack itself is
excruciating. You feel like a fish out of water gasping for air. (Did
that make any sense at all? Fish out of water aren’t actually gasping
for air, are they? They’re gasping for… water? Whatever.) My attacks
usually involve lots of tears because I feel like I can’t breathe and
I’m convinced I’m dying, and then I beat myself up for panicking in
the first place, which I worry has *seriously* inconvenienced anyone who
might be surrounding/supporting me at the time. (Yes, even *during* the
attack your negative self-talk can rear its ugly head.)

But in a sick way, there’s something I’ve come to like about having an
anxiety or panic attack. I love the feeling right after it ends. I’m so
calm for once (or maybe I’m not actually *calm.* It just feels that way
because compared to the hell I just went through, I feel very much at
peace). I’m reminded to slow down and that I shouldn't push myself so
hard. I’m fragile. I need extra protection for a little while and I’m
not afraid to say it. I’m so relieved that I can breathe again.

I just wish I didn't have to have an anxiety attack to remember all
that.

I decided to get help a few years ago, not because I knew for sure that
I had an anxiety disorder and wanted help managing it, but because I did
not feel good physically or emotionally. I couldn’t shake the feeling
that my personal world was ending all the time, and I had a sneaking
suspicion I could feel better. (Quick shout out to Justin for pushing me
to talk to someone about my deepest insecurities and giving me the
courage to do so.) Physically, it felt like my heart was running a
constant fever. I was like the glass of water you fill up before bed.
You filled it up too much and now you’re carrying it to bed with you,
but you’re also trying to carry your phone and a book or something and
the water ends up spilling out every few steps because you’re not paying
attention to it anymore. I was always at risk of overflowing.
Emotionally, it was like I was in an abusive relationship with myself
(and my relationships with others were admittedly suffering, too). I was
beating myself up all of the time and I couldn’t stop ruminating. In my
anxiety riddled head, everyone I knew was joining in like an evil and
repetitive chorus of doom.

Once I went to therapy, I realized that not everyone else was anxious
like me. This may seem like an obvious thing after the whole “anxiety
attack at work and also in a car thing” but it really wasn’t. After
therapy I had thoughts like, “Wait, not everyone reads an email 3,000
times before sending it? Other people don’t feel like they *absolutely
must* use a ruler to draw lines on a piece of paper if it’s not already
lined before they write everything down, to ensure the text will be
perfectly straight and evenly spaced?” News to me.

I remember coming home after the first few weeks of therapy and asking
Justin, “Do you think I have an anxiety disorder?” It’s my recollection
that he basically just laughed at me (in a very loving way). He knew. I
guess I always knew, too. But something about the term “disorder” was
startling. It was startling and also very helpful. This gave me hope. I
hadn’t felt that I was living a very fulfilling life. (I thought maybe
that was just… life.) But now I saw a glimpse that there was something
more out there. Now that I knew this thing called “an anxiety disorder”
was in my way, I could just kick that nasty thing out. Evict that
motherfucker. And then I, too, would be living life. I, too, would be
sending emails in a reasonable amount of time\!

So I tried to live my new life. I tried to leave the dirty dishes in the
sink. I tried to send a letter without the perfect, pretty, little
lines. I tried to give my boss a note that I hadn’t re-written ten times
until I was satisfied with my handwriting, but it was too hard. I
struggled and broke down. It turns out just *knowing* isn’t enough,
which is the same for a lot of things in life (probably the majority of
things). Identification was an empowering first step, but more action
was needed and I realized the work was just beginning.

I’m not going to go into graphic detail about the time spent with my
(very lovely and much appreciated and seriously treasured) therapist, or
the realizations I had to come to (and accept) about my past in order to
move forward. At this moment, and probably until the end of time, it’s
very personal and very protected. I treat the journey like treasure. Who
wants to share their treasure with everyone? I mean, yeah, sure, give
some treasure to your close friends if you trust them with it, but you
don’t want to go handing out your treasure all willy-nilly.

I will say that evicting anxiety is like breaking up with an incredibly
toxic girlfriend or boyfriend. Anxiety repeatedly tells you, “You're
nothing without me. *I'm* the reason you're successful. I push you to be
your best. The only reason people like you is because of me.” But once
you’re able to say, “Look asshole, this isn’t working and you’re taking
everything out of me and making me hate myself and I can’t handle this
constant pressure in my chest anymore,” a weight is lifted. Sure, your
anxiety might try to sneak its way back into your life when there’s an
opening. It might try and lure you in, as an ex would do, with promises
of change. But your anxiety is ultimately just trying to own you. It’s
trying to live inside of you rent free. It’s squatting. It’s drinking
all the beer and throwing the empty cans all over the place without any
regard for your soul.

My anxiety still taps me on the shoulder from time to time. I was
recently a reference for a cat adoption and treated it like I was being
interviewed to work for the CIA. *What if this woman thinks I’m lying
about my boyfriend’s sister’s cat ownership history? Am I a fraud? Is
this punishable by law? Does Betty at the cat adoption center know my
full name, where to find me?* But of course, the adoption was a success
and I breathed a sigh of relief knowing I contributed to something
special. I still get a little anxious when I have to drive with someone
else in the car, or when I have to go into the dark basement to get my
laundry, or if I am going to have company at the house. I still hesitate
to call my family members because I worry they might be driving and that
when they pick up my phone call, they will be in a horrific car accident
and I will feel guilty for the rest of my life. Sometimes, I still get
the creeping feeling that I am not enough.

But thanks to myself, and my very lovely and much appreciated and
seriously treasured therapist, and my loved ones, I know that I will be
okay. That it only *feels* like the world is ending. I can reset. I can
talk to myself using kind words. I can go for a walk. I can remind
myself (and now actually *believe*) that I am enough. I can separate
myself from the GAD and overcome it. (Separating myself from the acid
reflux is still a challenge. I like buffalo chicken too much.)

I’m not really sure where this is going, but I feel as if I should stop
writing because I’m ready to launch into a tangent about my best buffalo
chicken experiences. It’s not that I don’t want to go into detail on
this topic, it’s just that I think my favorite buffalo chicken wraps in
the tri-state area deserve their own post. I ended up covering a lot of
ground in part 1 here... I think I need a vacation from writing about
anxiety. Maybe I’ll just write whatever I want about my anxiety whenever
I damn well feel like it. No structure needed\! Sounds good to me, how
about you?

Well, you don’t really have a say in the matter anyway. :wink:
