{
    "title": "Random Thoughts on Underage Drinking and Pizza of Today",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2020-12-19T18:00:32.318593653-05:00",
    "summary": "Underage drinking and 21st century pizza",
    "tags": [
        "randomthoughts"
    ]
}
Do you remember when you were too young to drink legally? When you
wanted to drink *so badly* because it made you feel *so much* cooler? At
age 19, it seemed like the consumption of alcohol made everything more
fun and magical. There were no downsides (apart from the puking session
that may or may not ensue later on).

I, personally, used to forage for liquor in college. I was a person
collecting recyclables from garbage cans with a grocery cart.
(Literally. I once took a sip out of my roommate’s vodka bottle that was
in the trash.) I’d keep every ounce of liquor that I could scrounge up.
I was panning for gold. I wouldn’t be embarrassed by these habits at
all. In fact, I thought this was being an adult. My friends would come
over and I would greet them with the eclectic alcohol menu.

“Welcome\! Would you like a drink? Let’s see what we have here. We have
half a bottle of pinot grigio that hasn’t had a cork in it for two
weeks. Mmm, that sounds good. We have a single shot of whiskey… what
else… we have what appears to be a full bottle of Three Olives fruit
loops. Score\! *Am I right?* Uhhh I also have some Juicy Juice and a
crock pot my grandparents sent me if we want to get creative? I heard
that’s how you make homemade wine. How much time do we want to put into
this?”

But as soon as you turn 21, you don’t feel like sharing leftover liquor
with your friends anymore. Game over. You get greedy because you’ve been
spending a lot of money at bars trying to prove you belong. It’s a BYOB
situation from then on out. When your friends come over, they look in
your fridge and see one can of shitty beer and a frozen pizza. And you
are not sharing any of that pizza.

Speaking of pizza, have you seen some of the pizza that is available to
the American public nowadays? We have buffalo chicken pizza, barbecue
chicken pizza, cheeseburger pizza, taco pizza, chicken alfredo pizza,
and on and on and on. Eventually we will just be eating everything off
of a fucking pizza. Pizza has just become a delivery system for another
snack. Soon you will be able to order pizza with an ice cream sundae on
top of it. It’s like the new pretzel cone.

“Would you like that in a cup, a sugar cone, a pretzel cone, a waffle
cone, or on a pizza?”

“Uhh what? Did you just say pizza?”

“You want it on a pizza? We have deep dish, stuffed crust, thin crust,
or for those looking for a healthy option we can also do the sundae on a
gluten free, cauliflower crust too.”

(Also side note- Does anyone else think the whole gluten sensitivity
thing is kind of bullshit? Like “gluten intolerant” is just a euphemism
for IBS? I’m sorry. That was a gluten insensitive thing to say… I’m
*KIDDING*. Don’t worry. Obviously I believe it’s a real thing. I believe
the Earth is round and that we landed on the moon, too. I’m not a
*monster*.)

ANYWAY, I recommend the General Tso's pizza if you can find it anywhere.
I don’t think I’ve ever eaten something so borderline blasphemous that
tasted so delicious. Five stars (out of five). Highly recommend.
