{
    "title": "The Day I Became an Adult",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-03-06T12:17:30.039585467-05:00",
    "summary": "I'm grown-up now",
    "tags": [
        "aging",
        "randomthoughts"
    ]
}
I officially became a woman in the lighting section of a Lowe’s Home
Improvement store. (No, sicko, I didn’t get my period there. I got my
period *many* years prior in the grubby bathroom of a Don Pablo’s during
a school trip with my Spanish class.\* I’ve heard some schools actually
travel to Spain. Not us. We drove the bright yellow school bus 45
minutes to a tex-mex restaurant for an “authentic dining experience.”
The most authentic thing to *me* about the trip was *not* the taquitos,
but the bloody murderscene-esque imagery in the second stall that is now
burned into my memory. Okay I am going even *further* off topic now but
you need to know this. I just looked up a Don Pablo’s menu to check that
they did in fact have taquitos and ensure this story is factually sound.
Good news- they did. My journalistic integrity remains high. But I
*also* discovered that they offered something called a “Red River
Salad,” meaning this rambling parenthetical has come full circle in
the most fitting way I could have imagined and now we can move on.)

Even though we already had one, we went to Lowe’s to buy a new ceiling
fan. Did our fan look like it was from the 1970s? Sure. But it worked.
It spun round and round, flinging millions of dust particles into the
air we breathe. It is my understanding that is the primary purpose of a
fan. I didn’t expect to experience much emotion about purchasing a more
aesthetically pleasing fan, but I can still feel the mix of excitement
and anxiety I had as we approached the gleaming display. Knowing that we
had the freedom and ability to purchase a discounted ceiling fan was
proof to me that I had done it. I had made it. I’ve never felt like more
of an adult.

There was something about looking up to the sky (or the exposed ductwork
of the store...) on that day that made me realize the choices that exist
in my life. A modern stainless steel airplane propeller? Sure\! A fan
shaped like a tropical leaf that belongs in a Florida home’s lanai?
Great\! A Springer 60-inch Bronze Indoor Downrod Ceiling Fan with Remote
(12-Blade)? No, too expensive, but I appreciate that the option exists.
It can all be yours if you have the patience to spend three hours
assembling the stupid thing when you get home. (Or a partner who is way
calmer than you who will volunteer as tribute. My job is usually
standing at the bottom of the ladder and gathering the dropped items. I
think scurrying around to pick up tiny fallen screws might be my
superpower.)

I would recommend buying a discounted ceiling fan from Lowe’s Home
Improvement if you have the choice. Hell I would recommend just standing
underneath the glowing turbines on a Saturday afternoon. Think of it
like watching the clouds go by. And despite my unfortunate situation
there, I would recommend a trip to Don Pablo’s too if it were still
possible. The best I can do is provide you with this less than enticing
[<span class="underline">photo of the Red River
Salad</span>](https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8438/7976521996_69aa90c6de_z.jpg).
(Yikes, looks like food photography for chain restaurants has
significantly improved in recent years.)

*\*Have you never heard of Don Pablo’s? Well I would say Don Pablo’s was
to Mexican food what Olive Garden is to Italian food. I guess the
difference is that Olive Garden has better money managing skills,
because Don Pablo’s filed for bankruptcy and is no longer in existence.
Or maybe I’m being unfair and it was the proliferation of Chipotles and
Qdobas that led to Don Pablo’s demise. I don’t know. I’m not here to
judge the decisions of Don Pablo. R.I.P.*
