{
    "title": "There's a Deer Head in My Back Yard and I Don't Know What To Do",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-05-01T23:31:17.759854675-04:00",
    "summary": "If anyone could shed some light on proper deer head disposal, that would be grrreeeeaaaat",
    "tags": [
        "nature"
    ],
    "Img": "https://s3.amazonaws.com/smalltownkitten.com-images/theres-a-deer-head-in-my-back-yard.jpg"
}
Last month I was looking out of our bedroom window and noticed a
uniquely shaped stick in our back yard. The stick was covered with
leaves and it looked like it was protruding out from a larger log. There
was an odd curve to the stick that didn’t seem right to me, and as the
days passed, I thought “Wow, that really looks like an antler of some
kind. Weird.” The wind continued to blow the leaves into our neighbor’s
yard (they love that), and things were unfortunately shaping up to be
very antler-like. And then one day I looked out the window and it was
clear that there was a dead deer in our back yard.

We went outside to confirm that there was in fact a deceased deer out
there, a trip no one ever wants to take, and sure enough we found a
fucking *deer head* laying on the ground. To make matters more
unsettling, there was no actual body to be seen. (Not that I wanted to
find a dead deer body, but I also didn’t want to *not* find a dead deer
body you know what I mean?)

*Where is the body?*

**Scenario 1: Our neighbors are sending us a message.**

We have offended our neighbors in some way and they have placed this
deer head here as a way of saying “get the fuck out.” Have I been
rolling the trash can out too loudly over the gravel driveway at 7 in
the morning? Can they somehow hear what we are saying about them? Do
they actually see the (maybe) (sometimes) illicit things we are doing in
our home? I don’t know, but I do know that I am now looking into thicker
curtains, and that their twisted message has been received loud and
clear. (This is sadistic even for you Eileen.)

**Scenario 2: An animal, e.g. a coyote, scavenged this head from a
nearby body (hit by a car?) and dropped it in our back yard en route to
its final destination (a.k.a. its murder den).**

This scenario might scare you, but it’s a possibility I’m actually kind
of excited about. I’m feeling very Nat Geo about the whole thing. We
might get a night vision camera to see what goes on out there and I’m
hoping the bears and turkeys are having nocturnal tea parties and/or
raves. (I don’t claim to know their proclivities at this point, but I’m
interested in really getting to know them. David Attenborough vibes.)

**Scenario 3: The deer died here, in this very spot, and the body has
somehow disintegrated into the ground or up into the sky (Sirius Black
style) (shit sorry spoiler alert).**

I don’t like this scenario. There is a fallen tree next to the head and
I’m concerned that this tree fell down and crushed an innocent animal.
I’m not taking this lightly. I’ve also learned about something called
CWD (Chronic Wasting Disease) in which a deer literally CONSUMES ITSELF.
So what the fuck. I am now envisioning a deer eating its ENTIRE BODY and
then finally dying once only the head remains, even though that is most
definitely impossible.

Personally I would pick scenario two any day of the week and I am going
to continue to live my life believing that is what occurred. But no
matter how we got to this point, we have to figure out how to move
forward.

**Option 1:** We dig (Justin digs) a deep hole near the head and we bury
the damn thing. We forget about it entirely, and hope a child who
someday inhabits this house after us doesn’t discover the remains during
a dino dig themed activity.

**Option 1a:** We still bury it, but we exhume the head in a couple
years after nature has taken its course. We hopefully find a pair of
clean antlers, which I then gift to my dad for Father’s Day. I
consequently win some sort of best daughter award.

**Option 2:** My coworkers who are avid hunters have suggested I boil
the fucking thing in a large barrel filled with some sort of OxiClean
mixture\* (?\!?\!) while removing bits of the deer using some kind of
tool (???\!\!\!) to eventually reveal a spotless set of antlers (which I
still give to my dad for Father’s Day). WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK. This
option would involve me scraping off a poor deer’s NOSE, (because guess
what it still has its NOSE) from a poor deer’s HEAD. I cannot imagine
executing this option without crying and having a full on mental
breakdown. I absolutely will not do this and option two is frankly off
the table.

**Option 3:** We continue with what we have been doing up until this
point- nothing. We let it rot. We look at the head on occasion and think
“Oh yeah we should really deal with that” and then walk into the kitchen
for a snack.

**Option 3a:** We still do nothing. The hypothetical coyote comes back
for it, and we score some footage on our new night vision camera that
could potentially garner 15 to 20 views on YouTube.

HELP.

\*This is not sponsored by OxiClean.
