{
    "title": "Things I'm Looking Forward To: Elder Care Edition",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2021-03-18T15:23:28.622731503-04:00",
    "summary": "Warning- This post may contain wildly unrealistic expectations",
    "tags": [
        "lookingforwardtoit",
        "listofreasons",
        "aging"
    ]
}
The thought of being placed into a nursing home (or even just visiting
one) tends to fill people with dread. The loss of independence. The
decor. The smell? I think some people fear the full circle finality of
starting off in diapers and potentially ending in them, too. But here
are the top 5 reasons why I’m personally looking forward to living in a
nursing home.

***1. The Hospitality***

I’ll be waited on hand and foot. Literally. If my feet are dry, it’s my
understanding that I can tell someone and they will apply lotion for me.
Suddenly I’m getting a foot massage. I ask Justin to put lotion on my
back (because I’m slowly turning into a lizard person) and he grimaces
like I’m asking him to empty my hypothetical bed pan. Well joke’s on
you, Justin. One day someone will be lotioning me *and* emptying my
*non*-hypothetical bed pan. Jealous? :smirk:

In the nursing home, people are cleaning for you. People are cooking for
you. People are sponge bathing you. In some instances, people are
actually *spoon feeding you*. Does it get any more glamorous??? This is
not a sign that your life is ending, but rather an indication that you
have made it. This is nirvana.

***2. Shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots,
shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots, shots- everybody\!***

Jesus I should’ve just looked up the lyrics, copied, and pasted. That
was not easy.

Anyway, I’m basically viewing the nursing home as a second chance at
college. It’s college round two. I will be the one wheeling around the
home asking where the party’s at.

I’m talking about jello shots here, people\! (I’m pretty sure most
nursing home cafeterias serve jello, so the jello shots could be a
regular occurrence, or maybe like a treat on Fridays or something? I’ll
speak with the activities director.) I’m talking dancing on communal
tables. I’m talking late night flirtation, which leads me to...

***3. The Bachelors***

So many eligible bachelors confined to one space. Who will be my boy toy
this week? The man who does magic tricks down the hall? The one with the
model airplane collection? Or maybe the most recent bingo winner (I’m
not in it for the money, I swear). Your goal might be having kids who
come to visit you, but my goal is landing in bed with Earl, okay?

Side note- I’m aware that there will probably be no Earls by the time I
get there. The place will most likely be teeming with Tylers and
Brandons. Or maybe I’ll snag a slightly younger man. Perhaps a Noah or a
Jayden. We’ll see.

***4. Reading All Day, Every Day***

I won’t have to worry about doing things I don’t want to do, like *going
to work* or *grocery shopping*. Barring any unforeseen issues (I’m
thinking of a situation similar to that Burgess Meredith episode of *The
Twilight Zone* here) I can spend all my days doing puzzles and reading.
Or is my generation just going to spend all their time in bed listening
to Doja Cat and playing Call of Duty: Black Ops III? I don’t know. Maybe
we’ll all just be robots living in pods at that point.

***5. The Salon***

Some homes have specific rooms where residents can get a haircut or
their nails done. I don’t like getting a haircut or my nails done
because I have to find the time/motivation and leave my house. But in
the nursing home, I will have nothing *but* time and I won’t even have
to leave the building. *God I will be looking so flawless.* Watch out,
Earl.

I know what you’re thinking. “Sarah, nursing homes are expensive,
especially if they have amenities. Not every nursing home has a salon,
or even adequate staff so they can lotion you at all hours of the
night.” Blah blah blah. Hear me out here. If I don’t have a child, I
can put all the money I might’ve put into that child’s college fund (or
spent on diapers, etc.) into my very own nursing home fund. I’m pretty
sure that’s self-care. At the highest level.

**To anyone reading this who may be tasked with putting me in a home in
the future, please remind me how I was anticipating this day.** Tell me
how I looked forward to the possibility of daily apple sauce (I will be
asking for cinnamon and if it is not permissible I *will* go full Karen
and say my freedoms are being attacked). Remind me how excited I was for
the middle school choir’s winter performances, during which the kids
look *seriously* freaked out to be there. Mention how I loved the idea
of hallway decorations for *every* holiday, not just the official bank
observed stuff. I’m talking Valentine’s Day, St. Patrick’s Day, maybe
even Groundhog Day? I don’t know. My recommendation for the staff is to
just go crazy with it.

Hand me a copy of this post as I’m being wheeled through the sliding
doors of my new domain. I might need to be convinced I once found this
idea joyful. Thank you. :heart:
