{
    "title": "Water Warfare",
    "author": "Sarah",
    "date": "2020-12-09T19:17:45.025986632-05:00",
    "summary": "I am in a cold war with the water delivery guy",
    "tags": [
        "awkwardinteractions"
    ]
}
I am in somewhat of a cold war with the water-delivery-guy at my
workplace. This is how a typical water delivery goes.

While I’m working at my computer, I hear the delivery truck backing into
the driveway.

I walk into the kitchen, grab the empty water jugs, and place them
outside so water-delivery-guy knows how many new jugs to bring inside.
(This saves him a trip. As you can see, I am looking out for
water-delivery-guy. I have his best interests at heart.) I sit back down
at my desk.

Water-delivery-guy comes inside, says “good morning, beautiful” (I know
I know but I have to pick my battles here), and puts the water in the
kitchen. He comes out from the kitchen and hands me the stylus so I can
sign my name on his handheld device. I sign my name and we wait
awkwardly for ten to fifteen seconds as the receipt prints. During this
time, water-delivery-guy usually feels the need to fill the silence. He
says things like “come on, come on,” “it always takes so long,” and
“it’s coming out soon” (all perfect that’s-what-she-said
opportunities, but I don’t go there with water-delivery-guy). After the
receipt finally prints, he hands it to me and says “thanks, sweetie”
(cringe) before leaving the office.

---

One small element of the water delivery has changed in the past year.
Because we are now in the midst of a global pandemic, customers are no
longer permitted to sign their names using the stylus pen. The
water-delivery-guy now has to sign the name of the customer, which has
created a bit of a quandary.

While I am working at my computer, I hear the delivery truck backing in.
I grab the empty jugs and place them outside. Again, I make life easier
for water-delivery-guy. I sit back down. Water-delivery-guy comes
inside, says “good morning, beautiful,” and puts the water in the
kitchen. He comes out from the kitchen and stands by my desk while I
type away at the computer. Moments pass. I have forgotten that
water-delivery-guy has to sign my name and he is apparently afraid to
ask what exactly my name is.

I finally notice he’s waiting for me, and say “Oh, sorry. It’s Sarah.”

He says, “I’ll have to remember that one\!”

I say, “Oh no. You have to know tons of names. It’s fine\!”

I make a joke about getting a nameplate on my desk like I am some sort
of principal or lawyer in order to diffuse the tension that for some
weird reason exists between us, and also to stall while the receipt is
printing. He hands me the receipt and leaves.

---

The weeks go on. Each time water-delivery-guy comes in, he beats himself
up for not knowing my name. When I tell him what it is, he says things
like “I’ll get it one of these days” and “I knew that\!” I reassure him
it isn’t a problem, but he becomes increasingly frustrated. Every time I
hear the truck backing up, I think “Do I tell him my name today, or
should I wait and see if he says it?” I realize I am in a real catch-22
here. He gets angry if I tell him before he has a chance to guess, but
he never properly guesses the name and then gets upset. I eventually
decide I will tell water-delivery-guy my name *immediately-* before he
even has a chance to guess.

I hear the delivery truck. I grab the empty jugs and place them outside.
SEE, WATER-DELIVERY-GUY? I’M HELPFUL. I sit back down at my desk and
tell myself today is the day. I will tell him my name immediately with
conviction.

Water-delivery-guy comes inside.

“Good morning, beautiful.” He puts the water in the kitchen.

As soon as he returns, I say, “It’s Sarah,” with a smile.

He says, “I knew that I knew that,” annoyed that I didn’t give him the
chance. I am being chastised for trying to help this man\!

If he knew, why wouldn’t he just write it down?\!

I get the receipt and he leaves.

---

I start plotting convoluted ways to solve the situation. Should I get
one of those necklaces that says my name and hope he sees it? I could
convince one of my co-workers to walk by and say “Hey, Sarah\!” or
“Sarah, I need those reports this afternoon” so that he hears the name
without me telling him. Before I know it, two weeks have passed.

Computer. Truck. Grab jugs (haha…)

*PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD LET THIS GO WELL TODAY.* Sit back down.

“Good morning, beautiful.”

He’s struggling to sign my name.

I tell him.

He says, “I KNOW” as if I have severely offended him. BUT CLEARLY YOU
DON’T KNOW, water-delivery-guy\!

I awkwardly chuckle during the grueling 10 second wait for the receipt.
He leaves and I am filled with relief that the interaction is over.

---

Two weeks later- the height of the war.

Truck. Jugs. I go to fiddle with the printer in an effort to avoid an
awkward moment, thinking that If I busy myself with something it will be
less painful. Water-delivery-guy walks by me. As he passes me, he says,
and I am not freaking kidding you here, he actually utters the words-
“Hey, *T*.”

????????????

I keep playing with the printer and pretend I didn’t hear him. I think,
“Was he talking to someone else? Is there anyone else in the nearby
area he could be referring to?” Deep down, I know he has just referred
to me as *T* but I can’t bear to address it.

He doubles down. “I just call you *T*.”

At this point, I can’t avoid it. I pretend I never heard him say “Hey,
*T*” in the first place.

“What’s that?”

“I call you *T*. Your name’s Tyler, right?”

My head explodes. Why even come up with a nickname if you don’t know the
actual name?\! He figured saying *T* was a safer bet? He thought, “Well
if I say *T* and her name isn’t Tyler, it might be Taylor or Tina or
Trish and then I’ll be safe”?\! Yeah maybe *T* gave you a one-in-26 shot
at this, but it didn’t solve the problem\! Also if you don’t know a
woman’s name, why is your first guess Tyler? I’m not saying there aren’t
women out there named Tyler. I’m just saying it shouldn’t be your first
guess. Maybe you should just write “beautiful” or “sweetie” on the
stupid receipt since that’s what you call me\! You always remember
that\!

Despite the explosion that is happening internally, I laugh and say “Oh
no, it’s Sarah.”

He seems ashamed and yells “I knew that\!” in desperation.

He signs my name and angrily hands me the receipt after ten seconds of
torturous silence.

---

Water-delivery-guy, I’m not mad that you don’t know my name. I am mad
that you are *pretending* you know it. *I* am not pretending that *I*
know *your* name. I have referred to you as water-delivery-guy
throughout this entire story and I’m pretty sure your name is
embroidered onto your damn shirt. I am trying to help you. You are
making me feel bad for trying to make things easier on you. So please, I
am begging you, JUST LET ME SAY MY NAME.

Updates to come...
